[Music]
Ah
Good morning to all my patients, male and female
patients, I'm here to
greet you and
[Music]
Hello friends. Well, now resting after
a hard day's work, going
home to get some rest.
Good night. How are you?
Sorry for the delay, but I know more. Well, I
had a problem with the food. I
know I always have an excuse, but
forgive me, okay, I'm really sorry.
Well, who is this guy? This guy is in HD.
But I know who he is, but what a scoop.
No, yes, we're debuting the camera. I
announced it yesterday, but we installed it today.
Well, it might not look as good as it should
because I don't have
the fiber optics yet, but this month they're putting in
fiber too and everything will be perfect. Man,
I think it looks perfect. Let's see, I'm
going to see what color I have this because I
forgot to configure the colors a little.
But well. Today we're a little bit
pink even though we're not in the mood,
but I forgot to configure the
colors, man, I always, always leave everything
ready and today I came a little bit,
eh, Rebel.  how are you family well
Jose nice to meet you man it was about time what was
wrong man you didn't come around here he
was mad at us or what's
wrong with me I'll go when he calls me if he doesn't
call me I'm not going really really this
live was scheduled for it was
last Friday I think it was Thursday Friday
last week before I don't
remember when I published the interview
with tuyupa the next day and it was
my fault it was my fault because I don't remember what it
was that I got so wrapped up I got so wrapped up
and that I wasn't ready to take a
look at the interview at least
because I don't like to arrive like a super
virgin you know to places at least it
's true that I haven't seen the
whole thing because it's almost 2 hours but I
was at the gym with my
headphones on and these past few days I
was looking at a few things and
here we have prepared I think the
most striking headlines if you are
interested in any that we haven't
touched on or that I don't have here in the doc
you tell me and we'll look for it eh But
anyway since I didn't like coming here from
such and such  I say we suspend it and in the
end well it slipped away man it slipped away It slipped away
and it took almost a
week and I've seen that it went very well not
the tuyupa video is that I had a
week I had a video with begonia jpe
we did a lovely interview
begonia I have to say a machine is
a machine is too brutal and the
following week I had it with tu yupa and the
truth is that the two videos have worked
Scandalous people have freaked out
especially with tuyupa's a little more because I
have to take into account that being from there she
knows the customs too it was an
interview in which she let herself go very well
I would ask her the question and she
expanded with total tranquility it was a
very calm interview I think I
like it a lot but listen to me Did you know that she
was the ex because she is between knowing Yes I
knew she is rapel's ex I didn't know
She arrived in the 90s around there or rather she
was the one they called her the Thai
rapel and now she is an expert Daniel Sancho Yes
but not only that tuup has not only
been on TV with the Sancho issue
when these children who stayed
in the cave in Thailand I don't know if you
know the story that Prim made a
documentary about and also a
film a few years ago H a
Thai football team that went into a
cave to celebrate I don't know what
story it started to rain and the flood caught them there they stayed there for a lot of days they had to go divers to get them out and the children were taken out sedated anyway it was a pretty big thing and when all this happened they called her on television and
she was the one who went as a commentator on
television and she was the one who gave all
the information on Antena 3 and all these
channels or so whenever I go from Thailand she has been
called actually I have to
stand here and I have to stand up
straight no I mean because I have it on
backwards because normally when someone comes I
have to turn around because I am
a maniac I mean it gives me a lot of OCD you
know and it seems much more aesthetic
that we are looking at each other not that we
are hitting each other yeah that happens what
happens with the issue of when it is
on the couch because his leg is broken
we're changing when we did
Direct how are you man how they removed the
cast on Tuesday I have a pain my
leg doesn't go away but the doctor told me
that I'm going to spend three weeks like this and he
told me that I don't need rehabilitation
because the movement of the foot isn't the
break but it was in an area that
provides support that in principle I do
n't need rehabilitation so he
told me that in three to four weeks with
pain that screws me and dance let's go
walk a little bit that the a little bit of the
things of the what surprises me is that he hasn't
put you on rehabilitation because
things with the feet and legs
are always difficult you have to go very
carefully but well let's see me I'm looking for
a job something to look at it because I don't
want to leave it too much you know no
Because if you have any after-effects or
something or some little thing it's going to be bothering you you
always know Exactly
but well little by little and a lot of
patience man don't force it or anything
that we're going to be watching we're going to be
commenting on a spectacular interview
that triumph uploaded last week the
weekend  past to your yupa it is not pronounced like that
no your
yupa is a collaborator eh I don't know if she
is a journalist or a criminal she is finishing she
is finishing her law degree in
Thailand she is Thai and she is also a
friend of kunan Because he is also her
lawyer she already has businesses in Thailand and
he handles her business friend of kunan who
also handles her businesses some
businesses that An Grand already has
kunan handles them I mean she knows him
perfectly eh she has
first hand information about kunan she knows bok
because he collaborates with the foundation or the ng
that bok has there to help
underprivileged children and so on and blind and she
collaborates with him and knows him in person
besides her best friend is the girlfriend of
B yock's best friend she is a friend of the director of
the cosam prison very where Daniel
Sancho is and also her family many of
them are police officers in Thailand So they
have very good contacts in
Thailand cunnan that the lawyer was the
lawyer but now he is a witness
against him it could be yes no In fact in fact
in the interview you don't realize that
I tell him  One of the strange things
that we've seen in Daniel's case
is that he's called to testify
is his first lawyer that his father gave him.
Here in Spain, lawyers are not called as a
witness and I don't know, it's against
the law. No, exactly, but he tells him,
I tell her what if apparently he
has the right to say whether he's going or not and he
says no, if he's already gone, that is, he confirmed to us
that Kungan had already testified
before the judge as a
witness. Here in Spain, it would be prohibited.
No, because you have the right. Well, I don't know if it
would be prohibited as such or simply the
right as a lawyer not to go if you don't want to,
but if you want, yes, you can or not play. They
here, I know that you don't go. Here, you
don't normally see any lawyer as a
witness. The prosecutor calls you to
go and testify about the
accused's first statements. They play that they have
gone because here the lawyer would have to
respect
professional secrecy, but in the case that he
wanted to accuse someone, I don't know if he
could, we would have to ask
a lawyer, but of course, there he has gone
as a witness, like, Well, I think it's
an extract so I'm not going to
advance just in case what I have
prepared if you like two news I
have taken from the video blog
nasio we are going to see it basically there
are two new pieces about the case that
have come out this week that
no we have not seen you and I so let's
see it because it has to do with the
knife and with the last supposed
statement that I don't know if
this last statement fits with you
because the first one, the first one
that they said had not been with a lawyer
and such And then it came to light the last one that
he gives in prison because Daniel Sancho
gives several but on August 16th he gives the
last statement in prison and he doesn't
give any more until he goes to the
Samui court in Samui where they assign him a
Spanish interpreter and such is when he
declares again but Daniel's last
statement he gives is in prison on
August 16th he doesn't give any more until lac You know
what it's about, he has two or three previous ones
but they are the last ones I mean the
last one is the one in prison, the one from
August 16th, that is, from the beginning of
August 16th of course It's that then he doesn't
declare anything else until he goes very soon
once he comes back then he goes again he
asks the Spanish lawyer they put it to him at
that moment that he gives another the statement
that he gives before the judge
So when they talk about the last
statement here What are they referring to the
last one he testifies to the last one he gives
before already having his
Spanish interpreter in Samui
Oh and why is it news now this
week because as the
press has taken the entire summary they are
translating it as they go along translating that
summary news is coming out but it's not
that he but that they have already taken the
entire summary the press has leaked the
entire summary to him he already has it in its entirety And
now what is he doing Translate that
summary and they are informing us of the
statements ual just like they are
taking out the messages from the other day that I
think I don't know if I was commenting with you
dig with me you didn't have it you made a
video I think you have to keep
one thing in mind this statement that you are going to
put the one from August 16th is the
statement that Daniel's defense takes
as true because it is supposed to be
made with all the due
process guarantees a lawyer an interpreter who
interpreter is also from English not from
Spanish to Thai But well an
interpreter says that it will be his right or
rather this is the statement that the
defense takes as true because the defense
during the press conference says Daniel
from the first moment maintains that he
buys the items to make a video
to suar lie they say this is
the third or the fourth the last
specifically in the press conference that
we were here at night
you are referring not to the press conference that
Daniel's defense gave or rather this one that they
messed up clo
Daniel's defense gives a press conference and in that
press conference it says that Daniel from the
beginning since he was arrested he has always
said that what he buys he buys
to record a video and that is a lie he
says it in this statement that is from
August 16th and it is the part that
contradicts the other statements that he
was clear about because they deny the
other statements no Exactly okay let's
listen to the
[Music]
video
very good friends of the Channel
Welcome to a new video it's been
50 months  From the last statement
that Daniel Sancho has given after the
alleged murder of Edwin
Arrieta in prison since last
August 7th Rodolfo Sancho's son is a
few months away from facing trial
for the crime in
Thailand the investigation remains
open and every few days
new details come to light information
about the case that shocked Spain and is still
on everyone's lips in one of
the testimonies to which
the newspaper has had access The young chef asks
that his version given on
August 16th be the one that prevails and that
his previous statements
given to the Thai police on
August 6th and 7th be set aside accompanied by a
Thai lawyer and an
English interpreter Daniel Sancho insists that it
was not a planned or premeditated crime and
that it all started after a fight between
the two to defend his innocence he
also explained why he had
a knife and a saw in his possession I bought
those items to make a video clip
on my YouTube channel for pure
enjoyment after the incident I used them
to dismember the body but that was not the
purpose for it  that I originally bought it
in fact the defense of the
accused exercised by Carmen balfagn
Ramn chirras and Marcos Garca Montes
affirms that Sancho had requested
permission from the director of the hotel in which he was
staying to be able to record the
cooking videos from his
room for this reason they will call
the woman to testify so that she can ratify
this
information during this statement
Investigators showed her images of
his body after being arrested where
several wounds appear The actor's son
admits that before dying Edwin
Arrieta bit me on the arms
regarding the fight new
information is revealed I used my left hand to
hit him hard in the face two or three
times
Although he admits to having dismembered the
victim's body he denies having
used any weapon to
murder him while he was alive I did not use
a knife to stab him when
I dismembered him it was not
sharp enough so I got angry explain
before detailing how the process was I started by
using the saw to cut his
left wrist then I put it in the
garbage bag then I cut off his arm and
neck I used the knife to cut the
flesh and I used the saw to cut the
bones that were hard  after dividing
the remains into several garbage bags
Daniel Sancho got rid of them in
various places on La Isla Reme in a
kayak About four or five times to
throw the body parts into the sea I threw
his phone in a bag Luis witon into the
sea at rim Beach I put his passport and
other documents in the plastic bag
next to the body but I don't know if I threw them into the
sea or the garbage As always I read you
in the comments
But first remember to subscribe So you don't
miss more videos like
This okay let's see ask Jose when he
gives this dec he's cap caught I fell I fell I fell I
fell what intern here
dude I think I'm back I think I'm
back Oh okay you're not with the
foot how do you
have it it's going to be missing let's see I'll tell you the
first thing is wrong because it doesn't say that he doesn't
use the knives he buys to
dismember but rather he uses the ones that were
in the bungalow okay or so that's what the
statement says and then another
little thing that also has to be added is that
when he says the knife didn't cut and he
gets so angry that he
ends up stabbing the knives in his
face  from Win rieta well uh the
question is the following he says in that
statement that he buys the products
to make a video for his
YouTube channel puro disfruta we did
an analysis of the channel in in in our
our program Yes and you
realize several things he opens the
puro disfruta channel on May 22, 2022,
May 20, 2022 I think it is or the 22nd
uh and he publishes a monthly video until
November, that is, published in May 1,
in June 1, in July, August, September, October
and November, seven videos which is
what he has published on puro disfruta
and he totally forgets about the Channel, he does not
upload absolutely anything again, he had
400 subscribers when he leaves the
channel. Now he has 4,000 and something because
logically uh it has gone up with all this
movement. Moreover, on our channel you have an
analysis and about that and we go to bq you
know that you can go to bq it gives you the
channel statistics for the entire
year and he does not have any visits until
August 17 or 18 when the
press broke that he had a  YouTube channel
everyone is going to watch it right I mean a
totally abandoned channel a channel that
he hasn't uploaded videos for like 9
or 10 months and you go to Thailand to
record some videos for that channel that
you have totally abandoned well
Sorry I don't know I see it complicated and another
thing that we were also
talking about You go to a bungalow that has a
kitchen and it doesn't have a kitchen it's not that it has a
kitchen but you have a fully
equipped kitchen with pots with pans with knives with skimmers with
glasses
with the with everything fully equipped
coffee maker microwave oven and you're going to ask
permission to cook in a kitchen I mean let's
see he says no it's that I ask permission
to cook for the videos I mean if I
'm renting a bungalow that's like
an apartment and it has a kitchen why am I
going to ask your permission to cook it's
like if I take you and ask you permission to
use the bat yeah absurd completely I mean he says
no it's that the owner of the Hotel
Daniel asked him for permission to record no no
if nowadays everyone is recorded I mean
everyone TR
these influencers that go with the cameras  They
record in the hotel rooms
as long as you don't bring out third
parties you can record whatever you
want are you going to tell me that Daniel
Sancho goes and asks permission to
cook in a kitchen that the bungalow has
and is also fully equipped to
cook It's as if I rent in my house and
now I go to the owner of my house and I say
Hey excuse me It's that I'm going to use the kitchen
to cook in my house are you
stupid or do you pinch the
windows Yeah yeah it's a little weird but oh
well they're going to call her to testify
we'll see what she says no e well we
all know how to get
witnesses that say yes Well he asked me for
permission I mean look he had 44
subscribers the channel had never
given me to look at this you
eh when the movement starts when
the movement starts he had 44 subscribers okay it's he
earns
63 the other month I mean
no sorry 300 and something he had 400
when the m started No no it's August it's
August eh I mean Look at the
August 5th 44 is it  that he wins
44 on August 5th because he came from not
winning anything on August 5th he wins 44 And if
you notice That's the rise he has that
takes the 4,000 and some subscribers
that he has, of course he came from zero, from Zero and
the visits are the same Look at it El Salto
that
hits, of course he wins 6,500 one day the day that he
does the whole thing The day
the
news comes out, okay, okay, okay, okay Yes, okay, the
truth is, what the [ __ ] is he having
50,000 visits Arm Look, let's see if he hasn't
come back here, he's come back here without doing it But
well There Siena is having 55,000 visits, let's
see and this,
uh, this statement he makes having
what
defense, having in principle Garca
Montes, I don't know if he was already because
officially Garca Montes takes office, I
think it's on August 25th but I don't know
if there has been any contact but I think it
was Kun anan, no, the one who was, it's that,
no, I don't know exactly what day Kun
anan leaves, a a, no, Kun anan shouldn't have been there
because Kun anan is leaving  when
Garcia Montes arrives, that is, Garcia Montes, they
make public that he is his lawyer on
August 25th So at first
he would be there, be it Kug and in Spain, Chipi and
Balfagn, that They have been there from the
beginning,
my goodness, okay And now we have another headline this week that says, a new huge failure in the Daniel Sancho case, they lose a key piece before the [Music] trial, very good friends of the Channel, Welcome to a new video, Daniel Sancho's lawyers have put
the Thai police in the spotlight. They
are convinced that they have
made very serious errors,
assuring that
Rodolfo Sancho's son was even promised extradition to
Spain if he
confessed to an allegedly false letter
that was put on the table and that puts
the authorities of the
country involved in the case against the ropes, far from
settling this controversy, a
new melon has been opened again with the summary that has seen
the light before the trial, in it, in addition to
Daniel's first confession about the
crime of Edwin Arrieta, it is also
explained that there is no trace of the
tools that he would have used
to dismember the body of the
Colombian surgeon described as a
huge mistake many are now
wondering where is the weapon used
to commit the crime the knife that
Daniel Sancho used in the
dismemberment of Edwin is
missing the police do not have the knife
with which Daniel Sancho dismembered
Edwin Arrieta although he explained that he had
left it in the sink in the
room to this day they do not have this
evidence
collected it is a santoku knife that
a chef used to cut
meat after the incident I put it in
the sink he said however it does not
appear in the list of evidence and objects
in the Daniel Sancho case and the one they did
find does not have Edwin's DNA
which rules out that it was
used during the dismemberment
of his body the accused gave details of
the motives it belongs to Bain Villa I
used it to cut the garbage bags
while throwing Arrieta's body parts
into the sea Daniel
Sancho himself speaks on several occasions about the
knife in his statements being
during one of his confessions where he
mentions a
chilling sensation while  Mr. Edwin
was alive I didn't use a knife to
stab him when he dismembered the body The
knife wasn't
sharp enough so I got
angry it was shortly before this saw
the light when his legal team
led by lawyer Marcos Garcia Montes
defended before the media that the
murder had not been
planned It should be noted that this crime
in Southeast Asia is punishable by
death something that they want to avoid
so that one day Daniel Sancho can
serve his sentence in
Spain hopefully in three or how many years it will be
possible as always I read you in the
comments hopefully how many years it will be
possible this video I didn't
expect it I'm going something happens to me ig Look I'm
going to show you something it happens to you if you want to
share it here on the stranger
eh when are they going to do the reconstruction
of Daniel Sancho he says that the knife
with which he dismembered Win Rietas and he
leaves it in the sink of the
bungalow hotel and that it is there even when they are
going to do the reconstruction of the
events eh I don't know if you remember the scene
when they are doing the
reconstruction in the kitchen and
Daniel approaches the sink to show us, I don't know
what story, they are surprised that there
was a knife, which is this one that
the policeman is holding in his hand, quite large, well,
the only knife that I see that was
in the sink at that moment has to
be that one, and on top of that, they are grabbing it
with their hands and passing it to another
policeman, it seems that they have
lost it, in other words, this did not keep
any chain of custody and
anyway, Jose, let's see, in the
case in which the accused is denying
the crime, if you don't have evidence it is a
problem, but in the case in which the
accused confesses to the dismemberment,
which is what we are talking about with the
knife, what does it matter, what relevance does it matter to
you, it is not going to change, let's see, this is not being
done because it is going to
change anything with respect to Daniel
because it is not going to change anything. This is being
done with the fact that look how
botched they are in Thailand, they have
lost the knives, that you
cannot F one of the Thai police
because they lose the evidence, they do not keep the
chain of custody, etc., etc., the
purpose is that  This is being done. Do you
think the judge will care
if Daniel Sancho has already said, "
I put the knife in such and such a place." I did it with these
knives. He has admitted what
knives he used to do it. Furthermore, it is not the
murder weapon, it is the
dismemberment weapon that they are
looking for in a moment. There it is, it will not go away.
Furthermore, I made a video this
morning and I was referring to one thing. Don't
think that weapons are
only lost in Thailand, here in Spain, and
Garcia Montes was the lawyer for this
person. He must know the case
perfectly. The case of the Marquises
of Urquijo. They recover the gun that belongs to the
murderer and they lose it, in other words, before the
trial, in other words, in the case of the Marquises
of Urquijo, eh? Rafael Escobedo gives
Javier Anastasio a bag and says, "
Please get rid of this, I don't know what."
Rafael Anastasio tells this story. Rafael
Anastasio goes to a swamp and throws away that bag
that contained the gun. He said, "Swamp."
A week later, some children who were
playing on the bank of the Pantano River
discover the gun and he takes it.  They hand it over to
the police, the police arrive and such and
through that gun it is discovered that
the serial number of that gun was in the
name of Rafa Escovedo's father, they go
to Rafa Escovedo's shooting range,
some shell casings are collected and that
gun is linked to the one that killed the
Marquises of Urquijo, okay, well,
before the trial, two
people disguised as police officers show up where he
kept custody of the weapon where he
kept the evidence and they take
the gun, I mean, they ask for the gun,
people disguised as police officers from the
National Police give it to them and they take the gun
from the case and the gun disappears but it doesn't
disappear only the gun disappears the
gun and all the
statements that Rafael
Escovedo had made disappear. I mean, when it comes to trial,
neither the murder weapon nor the
statements are there, nothing exists
everything had been lost and ahf Escobedo is convicted. I
mean, I mean, we talk about
many things but here in Spain it
also happened, for example, in the
Al Monte crime, uh, the murder weapon was never found
and there was a knife that
appeared in a locker inside the
Mercadona where the main
suspect worked.  no
attention was paid to it and also the people in the market didn't
use it to open their bread for this or that
and it was never taken into account
if it could be or not the knife that
was involved in the crime and it was not
recovered either I mean there are tons of
crimes in which the murder weapon doesn't even appear
or even when the time came it was
lost when it came to
trial and then they didn't have enough
weight to not convict the person
it's true that it's not the same as not
finding the soul of the crime as
losing it because that's truly man
But well we have surprising cases
here in Spain for example Asunta
Basterra gave a positive result for semen
because in the Civil Guard laboratory they
mixed someone's semen with
her clothes I mean I mean
botched jobs and things that within the work that's what I mean then
Of course I
know that you're doing with that end Yes
but it wouldn't have to see eh it wouldn't have it doesn't have I mean
the fact that the weapon is there is
not in this specific case I don't know
if from I imagine that in others in other
contexts Yes but of course in this one it
is  recognizing that if there was
dismemberment what is the use of the
knife what are you looking for with the
knife these would be that it appears
because you can give more weight to the
statement you understand also if it has
DNA man Because for example here in
Spain that a person pleads
guilty It does not indicate that he is guilty you
can plead guilty to hide
for example another person to
cover it up then you always have to
prove your guilt not your
innocence let's see but in Thailand it
works differently I also
tell you that Thailand works
differently Yes but even if it were here in
Spain I mean we are talking about there being
a
dismembered body videos of him with the
bags two people enter one comes out with
a bunch of bags
eh It's not going to do it I mean I don't care that he
cut it it's clear in a bottle milk
and that he is going to be eaten just like it's not going to
change anything that the knife does not appear
but logically this is going to be taken
advantage of with the fact that the
investigation was bad, that they are botched that t just like
a weapon is lost That is the issue no
but a radical turn or that it is going to give them it's
going to give them the same as you and I you and
I since we are  here looking at the
Sancho issue how many twists and turns the
investigation has taken and each and every headline
radical twist in the Daniel case, twist in
reality none eh In reality not one
had the spinning top case I'm going to title it
Notice that it catches me almost in Thailand
Who would have said it when we started
dealing with the case When are you leaving eh at the end of the
month end of you are going How long Eh
well I'm here 4 days Ah what days [ __ ] Well yes but but
this is a jta far away I mean it
has nothing to do with it even if it were even if it were Even if
the
date coincided a month apart but come on Even if it had Even if it
had coincided
on the date it is a [ __ ] far away it
has nothing to do with it In fact
absolutely nothing you have to take you have to
get off at another You don't have to get
off at the same airport but
they are a [ __ ] hour apart I don't know why I don't
go hang out with the little dog I
[ __ ] on my m I'm not going to run after the [ __ ]
little dog I don't want to
see him little dog but he is there I don't know why
when we see that Rodolfo Sancho is going to
Thailand and so on  He gets off in Bangkok,
which is where I am. Yeah, well, and Win
Arrieta got off at a bank and then took a
ferry. H, they sing, well, the ferry is
in his cousin's [ __ ]. I don't know how, I don't know
what transportation they run from there to the Fer,
but I mean, this is where these people were on
vacation where everything happens, it's the south
of Thailand, okay, I mean, it's like they have to
cross like you cross here, the
whole Peninsula, okay, I mean, it
was more or less the same number of kilometers,
but it's really far, I don't know how. Damn,
you go to Bangkok and you have to go to
this ferry, I mean, I don't know what there is, I do
n't know if there's some
kind of transportation from the airport, but it's really hard to get to the
sanctuary and neither. V. Look for a lot. You're
staying with Fran, who's going, man. Also,
for this area, I think you have to get
vaccinated, I don't know what, I don't
know how much you know. It's already a mess, it's already a
mess, of course,
there at the sanctuary with
the otters, I imagine they'll put me a
bed with them. Well, let's
see in parts, okay, I've picked up
some headlines, but like I've already
told you, if you see  that we're missing one that
you think is powerful a kiss Juan
Antonio and hey what's up with you today with the
like what's up with you today with the like he says that's
for two months well the D told me
that I'm going to regret it for so few days
but I think that with that let's see I'm not
very natural you know that I am
natural I am I'm a little
dry of course if I had been at the
hotel and Fran comes by there we record
there gossip Okay but okay listen to me
the like what's up with the likes give it to the
fingers What's wrong do your fingers hurt what's
going on and Juan Antonio a kiss
Thank you very much Rey you are
loved the weight of the police in the
trial when it comes to deciding they will take
much more into account what their
police say than what an
external person might say no yes because it is what
I would call the first barrier Barrier like
the police when there is a problem in in
any case they don't come to the police and the
first word that you say to the
police that's already how they are screwed They
are like you your sentence good or or or
regular It depends on your words So
if you take things into account or say things
as opposed to the police It's that there
you can get into a bad position you know of of of it
is Danger it is very dangerous
so you have to be very careful with
which people do not usually do not usually
answer Or discuss or talk about what
you say and then we will see in
court it's not like there are many words
that people prefer not to say and
then you have the union as we have seen
with the police and the prosecutor's office the police
will investigate the
investigation team J will work
together with the prosecutor always so what
the police say what the
prosecutor will say not 100% But it can be up
to
99% whether if the police stops you
there you do not ride a motorcycle without a helmet Well
if you ride a motorcycle without a helmet I think it does not matter to you No
nothing happens there
but if the police stops you yes guana and and and
so she talks she talks about respect and
fear
eh I mean be very careful and apart from that
when we start and I tell her
the difference between
Thai culture at the authority level and
Spanish culture she tells you very clearly It's
that there people respect is
fundamental, I mean, the ways in
Thailand often have
more weight than the facts, I mean, how you
behave or how or how you act, she says,
even to talk to certain
people you have to change your tone and
to talk to elders, to talk to
people in authority, you don't address
a person in authority or an
elder the same way you address a
friend or your father, she says, depending on the
rank, depending on the situation, your
behavior varies and your way of
speaking, even of addressing that
person, varies, I mean, the ways there in
Thailand are super essential,
they are very, very, very, they take it very ar
rasata tabla. I mean,
[Music]
e We should see this boy
e How they took it when the police
realized that he had gone to the
police station to use them to file a
false complaint, no, exactly, lying is
frowned upon there, eh, just like here,
accusing, coner, sack her, eh, just like here, the
accused can lie, in Thailand,
lie. In addition, he already says it several times
during his interview, he says it is not the
same as you arriving and asking for forgiveness,
look, I have done it  but I apologize because
such damage that I may have done to the
country the damage that I may have done to you
arriving and lying and saying that is very
frowned upon, I mean, they don't say it You
really can't imagine how
frowned upon lying is in Thailand, it's
not the same as
lying here in Spain, it's that no one
has any respect for the authorities
eh here in Spain they see you all noticed
hitting the police I don't know what And of course that
's what I'm telling you when things
get out of hand Maybe they put you in
jail for a night I don't know what I don't know
how much of course it's not the same here as
there there no I don't know if you have the
cut saved I don't remember the list I
have the cell phone here of
Daniel's behavior with her in jail,
Daniel's behavior when he arrives at
court, she also talks about that if you don't
put it in then she'll tell you in the end
okay But that has been seen at some
point she comments on it because she knows him
Oh okay but she tells me how he
behaves in jail and how he behaves
in front of the judge okay Okay now let's go now
let's see remember it  in case we miss it,
okay, it's impossible to dismiss the
police investigation, what
the defense is asking for is that
the evidence is not valid, that the
police investigation be dropped, that is
complicated, no in Thailand, no, no, no, no, no, no, it
's not impossible, that is to say, the
Alesa lens once, once that
the prosecutor raises all the evidence s juz
qui dec that the prosecutor has already verified
everything with the police when he already has all
the evidence completely absolute, in addition, they are absolute. Then he already has not 100 but more than 10 and 1% for sure, then he already raises all that report to the court and what does that mean and if it is signed in court because he has already signed as he accepted in order the prosecutor's demand
already signed, there is no turning back, there is no
turning back, no one can
overturn the law and does not order to investigate
anything, badly, it's over, it is what there is. And if you do not
agree, the defense says you are going to
wait day by day for the sentence, it
could be a year, it could be three months, it
could be tomorrow and then you are going to
fight. But before everything, keep quiet, I did not
understand this last part, this is tremendous, yes  It's
how you tell it is tremendous, I
mean, everything that can be done you can
do before the
prosecutor's report is sent to the judge. Once the
prosecutor's report is sent to the judge,
between 90 and 10%, the judge already has to
say the sentence. The judge already has a
clear idea of what's going to happen. The judge already knows
what's going on and he's going to tell whoever arrives,
very well, once the sentence is issued,
you can appeal. But this is what there is, that
's what I understood you to do. And what the [ __ ] is
that? Interviewed, it's the same. Let's go, the
police. What the police say is like the
word. The prosecutor's office, the police are hand in
hand with the police. No. Exactly, they have more power,
even the police, but in the end, the one who
sends it to the judge is the prosecutor. I mean, the
police have given their report to the
prosecutor. The prosecutor, along with the police report, the
autopsy, and everything else, sends it to the
judge when he verifies that all the
evidence is real, with his verdict, with the
prosecutor's prediction, for us, he is
guilty of this, of this, this, and he
sends it to the judge. And that, for the judge,
as we understand, is her word.  of
honor not what the police sends him what
the prosecutor sends him here here for
example the prosecutor requests asks no and gives his
opinion does not contribute his such but eh There are
many occasions in which it has
nothing to do maybe what the
prosecutor is asking or what the
prosecutor thinks with what is later
with what the judge decides but
come on many times they have neither similar nor
anything to do according to what she says between
90 and something and 101% coincides with what the
prosecutor raises to what
the judge later dictates
and to dismiss the
police investigation that let's say this is a
fantasy forget that's what she's saying but
still
totally But the thing is that I believe that in
reality You believe that here in Spain to
dismiss a
complete police investigation here in Spain I have
seen not to take into account a
police investigation I have
seen that in many cases like for
example the case of Sheira Barrero where there is
a report from the UCC pointing to a
suspect saying This person is the
culprit of this crime and the judge hasn't even gone to
trial for 20
years I have seen that  I'm here now in
a trial. Well, it depends on when
the trial comes because here in Spain we have
the investigating judge but then we have the
judge who conducts the trial who is not the
same or if it is a popular jury. So
that is different. But I have seen
investigating judges like in the case of Sheila
Barrero who have a report from the UCO
in which the UCO report
twice because they do one and the judge tells them
not to do it again and they
do another report and they come to the same
conclusion and those two reports from the UCO
determine that the culprit of
Shila Barrero's crime is so-and-so so-and-so and
such. Yes, but it has
not reached the judge in court but
why. Why not because she already says that there is not
enough evidence that it is not possible to
place exactly that person in the
back seat of the car
shooting Ch la Barrero and yet there are
traces of gunpowder on his hands and with
a chemical composition identical to the
cartridge that detonated when they killed
Sheila Barrero which was a very
special cartridge because it was not a hunting
cartridge it was a  a handgun, that is, the
guard, there are fibers from Sheila's vest
on his shirt or on
his clothes, which are also known to be the same
because it has the same wear and tear, exactly like
Chil Barrero's scarf.
Well, with all that report that
points directly to her, the judge has not
taken her to trial. No, she has not taken into account, don't you
see that she can convict with that, she
thinks that no, she has not even given the op that
many times even if it is white and
bottled. Well, maybe it is not
conclusive because, hey, someone else could have this
gunpowder, then, for example,
with the UCO report that accused the al, the
main suspect in the crime of
Al Monte, that goes to trial, a
popular jury sets him free, it is clear
that, in other words, if the Auco case has not been dismissed, there
are times when it is not even
accounted for, here in Spain it has to be
very conclusive evidence, I mean, even if you
say, but it is that this p is that this
gunpowder from this gun is that it is bal
from this. Well, but if the neighbor took the gun, I
am making it up  the [ __ ] is how
annoying I think that
the opportunity to go to trial should be given and
then with a judge when
all the evidence is presented Because in addition and there are
psychological reports and there are many
stories, that family should be given the opportunity
for that person that
uco is pointing out to at least go
to trial and Lu is much more upset
then that he goes to trial and is free Yes
but the crime of ch bar is
prescribed right now Yes
but but let's see what you play I mean yes yes it
is much worse no eh for the
family acquitted no yes but if I go to
trial and I have the possibility that they
can judge him but the thing is that if it prescribes they
can never judge him ever in life it's
over Even if they go on TV saying
I killed her no no but you know that there are
many things that are like that it is
white in a bottle we have also discussed it
with some things in the Marta
del Castillo case itself not the law here in
Spain although although later it remains open to
a lot of interpretation and it is very subjective
many times one game tells you one thing
yes the other comes after you have an opinion
that no yes the
functioning of the law is very respected and  many times maybe
a judge wants to condemn
personally imagine hey well I
think this man is guilty I have proof yes I
have testimony of that but if he
can't condemn It's that this is
something that no there are many people who don't
understand and it's normal because you say
but but if it's that it is clear and in a
bottle but yes it is very clear I
can't condemn I don't have to condemn I know
of judges that of popular juries that
after people have been acquitted
meet with the family and say that
for me I was guilty I mean if this
hadn't been like this or that and I know it and I know it and
I have testimony yes it happens and they hit each other
the judges hit each other especially
when popular juries people think
that popular juries
eh are easier to put people in jail
than judges Well there are
many trials in which the
popular jury miscalibrates many people a
lot Because also when
the trial starts the judge says it in case of
doubt it benefits the defendant or in other words indubio by
defendant And the popular jury usually
takes that very very strictly and  although I
have an argument for I mean you have
some evidence that you say Well they are
Blanc and in a bottle it is very clear I don't know
what but you have an argument it is possible
outside you know it is something like that but of course one
thing is that One thing is not being able to
condemn and another thing
is to eliminate
eh Like how would the word dismiss
eliminate dismiss the report the
police report Yes yes the
police investigation as if like reset it no as
if it did not exist clear that no that does not
count in the trial the
police investigation that does not count in the trial everything
that harassed the cameras this the
other is not going to happen It is that this cannot
be because it will never be due to many
errors that you know of some case in
Spain of dismissing a complete report
from the UC or the EN in total it will have
happened in case I don't know I don't remember
any personally but it's not that it is
dismissed it's that here in Spain
the civil guard arrives with its report and
in the end it is still just another report it does
not have as much weight It is that there
apparently that has a lot of weight here the
civil guard arrives with its report and you
arrive with your experts with your
counter report and the judge assesses both
assess of the civil guard assess yours it
is true that the
state security forces usually have a little
more weight Why Because they are
presumed to be neutral no I mean the
civil guard has nothing against X
person and does not gain anything by putting him in
prison this person without hiring an
expert on his part well you want it or not he is an
expert on his part he is paying him so
normally they always have more
weight let's say when the report comes from
the civil guard but it is true
that here in Spain many counter reports have
ignored reports from
the civil guard and they have not not the civil
when I talk about the civil guard I talk about
everything Eh I talk about one I talk about a cat
for example but to eliminate it or rather to
eliminate it not the police here I do not
know any none no right I do not
know any that have dismissed the
entire report they have said Hey,
this whole report does not count for I do not
know it or from outside and from outside of Spain
either does any sound familiar to you or something no It is not
that Garca Monte said some or said that
yes it had happened in Thailand he commented it
is the wheel of  press I don't know
you know what comes to mind
but it has nothing to do with it because it's
something different
eh it was another topic it was because of not what came to
mind no no it's not the same eh Because of what they
call impartiality of the game
a move that there was I don't know if it was with
Otegui I don't know if it was because one of the the
issue of terrorism And that You know how it is I think I think he
made a comment and now
the comment can't be made but it's like like like
the first report
When the police arrives okay all
the cases that we have seen the one of Marta
del Castillo the one of Mario Biondo everything is that
the police investigation pays very
little attention to the time that marks the
chronology of the police that they
have a different chronology than the one that
finally the judge puts they don't take it into
account I mean they don't dry the
entire report but they mark another
chronology it can't be repeated either
because as is the case when it is
beginning and has begun no no no it is not
repeated before I have seen the
investigating judge take the uco for example I
will repeat it to you again in the case of al
Monte happened and in the case of Chela and
tell him to start over s here take the
entire report in the
instruction, be careful, I'm not talking about the
trial, I've seen them take the
instruction and say, gentlemen, they have given you
this, okay, I want you to do another
new report, start from scratch and that has happened
here with several cases, yes, I have seen them
do the entire report again, yes, it has been
done and reach the same conclusion
in the two reports that have been done
but with different bodies, for example,
the Marquises Dur Urquijo does it, he does it for, I do
n't know if the Civil Guard first
and then the police or the police then the
Civil Guard, that is, it has been done, it has been done in
Spain, yes, but from a
specific point, because for example, but it cannot
replace the first moments,
the first hours when
a place is found, imagine that the
Civil Guard makes a report and marks a
chronology of the events, okay, for that they
have it clear, now a
counter-report is made, all this in instruction,
eh, I'm not talking about a
trial and the judge receives a
counter-report that questions the
report that the Civil Guard has presented,
the judge before carrying that out in court  He
says to the Civil Guard, look,
I have this report and you have this one. I
want you to redo it again. Because
look what we have here. And then
the Civil Guard or the police, the
judicial police, makes another new report
starting from scratch, statements are made again,
testimonies are collected again from T, they are
made, that is, here in Spain, I know of
several cases in which before the trial,
in the investigation,
a report has been thrown out and it has been said again
to redo it again and it has had to
start completely from
scratch. That's how it works. That has happened here in
Spain. I know of several cases, for
example, Monte, two reports were made and
in the one there are two and they always pointed to
the same person and the moos. Well, the
reasons are because they are new evidence that
overturns something that was in that
report or that the schedules don't match up in Monte
because some schedules didn't coincide
with uh with the
opening and closing times of the store and such.
And they didn't match up. And finally, that was one
of the reasons why the alleged
murderer was released due to the
schedule issue. Later, I have received some things
but well, they can't be  tell but I'm
telling you that there are many things that if
the civil guard normally says
Sorry, the judge, the investigating judge,
goes to TR once it's in
trial, no, that can't be done in
trial, what there is is what there is, you
know that. There is a time to present
evidence, but once the trial is raised, the
trial is raised, it is the judge who
judges who dictates what is worth or what is
not worth, but he's not going to catch you
enens dec this report is not valid because
the investigating judge has appeared and there is
work done and that has come from the
hands of a judge. Now, now, before
reaching the trial,
reports have been thrown out and they have been redone, but
before that, it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
either, the strategy. I mean, I
understand that it will be a little bit of a
drowning man's kicking, no, like we have no other choice, but
it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense, I mean, I
still understand his statements
because you can say, well,
look, okay, yes, the
language, the police have understood it like that
and now later when he has been able to
explain himself, he understood it, well, okay,
but almost nothing more than that, almost  nothing more
than the statement you have to listen to
the statement I'm not talking about the crime anymore
we're going to talk about the dismemberment
like what, I mean he's
telling you he says this this and
then you go to the fact itself I mean you
go to the statement that
everyone accepts that they accept it the
defense attorney that accepts it Sancho who
also says I want this to be the one that
counts okay I'm going to stick with the one that
says that you kill Edwin in a fight or
kill Edwin in a fight he dismembers him he
recognizes him in 17 parts that if he cuts with the
saw I don't know what if not because he
says such crude things like I don't remember
what organs were in each bag I mean I
started putting things in the bags and I do
n't remember the organs that have
one the organs that have another
uh I was in one I had these sensations that
that prevented me I already had I had
such such an accumulation of sensations not like
saying that I couldn't stop I get angry
when I'm amputating and I see that it doesn't
cut and I stick the knife in his face
he tells all this okay but
then you go  have breakfast so
quietly at Pan Biman and then you
go out to party with two
girls you understand me or not I mean Chico
eh tell me the truth the guy does everything
that he told you in the statement that they
take it for granted that they are
taking it for granted or so okay yes that's how it
is but then it is known that he
goes to have breakfast so rich at Pan
Biman and that then he goes out to party with
two kids to the pool and a guy who
just did what I'm telling you
that he didn't know where he had put an
organ where he had put another one that he had
cut his wrist with the
saw let everyone think what they want
about this person but another thing is that you
do that and you go into your room already curled up in
a ball but that you so
quietly then go out to live the
crazy life and It's that then he has the nerve
to go to the police station and say that he has
disappeared and tell his sister I don't
know where he is How am I going to know and
send the WhatsApp God really The
two girls The two girls have to be
freaking out eh The two aunts who spent the
night with him You won't freak out I think it
's
completely surreal that
these things happen naturalistic no I know of a
case where he dismembers the aunt and kills two little
nephews his two nephews one of
three and the other one he puts them in a
garbage bag the aunt cuts it in half they
put two bags in it and when she picks it up and is
waiting for the uncle to come to
kill him on note 18 years old she is
saying to a friend I'm freaking out I'm going to
have a tuna sandwich while I wait for
my uncle and he has the bag there with the dismembered
bodies that he just
dismembered them and he's eating a
tuna sandwich you told me that that guy is normal
Tell me the truth Well listen to me almost
all the cases in that sense in that
type of things almost all the cases
the case of Marta del Castillo itself
Samuel not Samuel surely but in
the case of Marta del Castillo there is no
talk of a dismemberment there is no
talk of something like that if you notice it is more  a
cover-up is not how to tell you it can
be something fortuitous at a given moment it
's not like This is not that dude we're
talking about opening a body you know what that is
you a chicken yes it is more not like
dismemberment is already maximum madness
But the simple fact of hiding a
body too because you're handling the
body
as if you were dealing you know with one
thing and it's like but whatever you've done you
hid it you
buried it you
threw it in the bins whatever it is the
same it's the same it's another type of
cruelty yes it's true that I
see dismemberment eh
very very very heavy mentally for the
person who is committing it in Yeah
because still the
body [ __ ] is not the same as making a
hole and putting a body in of course it's not the
same because you in the end eh To
free yourself I don't imagine that it's half
apt reflex not to hide it throw it in a
bin I don't know what no how much but but to
dismember you have to
have yes No I don't even want to think I don't know
if I don't know if it will be part of his think one
thing think  one thing profession he says
that it is not premeditated that this is
fortuitous And such But if we accept
that it was premeditated, he already premeditates the
dismemberment because you know that the
only way to get E you have to get him
out you have a motorcycle what the only
possibility is to cut him into pieces So you
already count on him that he is very
strong man of course but but what is
punished is premeditating the murder No of
course okay well predetermined sentence
Daniel
Sancho you think that they already have a
predetermined sentence In other words, he already goes to trial
with the idea of what he is going to get it is usually the
same as what they already as set
or more or less what people usually
think usually apply but there are also
many trials when he had a
very very very clear sentence with his lawyer not the the
What are the criminals called or what
you fixed F done that that that cares
Perpetual but it is day the boy decided to
make the decision alone without saying anything
to his lawyer in any other way that he
should not say and applied the death penalty
to the applicant death penalty says no in has
not killed has not  executed many
years ago, you have been sentenced there for at least
50 years, that is, yes, they can reduce your life sentence
after you serve a certain number of years that you
should be there, they can reduce it to at least
50 years, at
least 50 years, but what do you
mean, there is an explanation, I mean,
let's see if you get a life sentence, that is, the
capital punishment, the death penalty, the reduction is
life imprisonment if the king pardons you, yes, he
pardons you because the king may not
pardon you, not kill you, but leave you there
with a life sentence, 50 years, and also
while you have a life sentence, you cannot
come to Spain. Forgive me, while you
have a C death penalty, you cannot
come to Spain, there is no treaty
because the capital penalty has to be
served in Thailand or the death penalty,
yes, yes, no, yes, they execute you, it is in
use, it is as if it were a life sentence,
but you have the death penalty, it is not a use of
anything, death, you can expect 50 years
there, or 60, or in 10 days. They tell you we will
kill you, that is a matter of it, of course,
they do not give you a date, they do not tell you, they sentence you
to death and on July 3rd
from 2028 we kill you you don't have the
death penalty so stay there we will kill you
and maybe you will get 50 years and they won't
kill you but they won't forgive you either and like you
the treaties that exist with Spain if they
don't remove the death penalty you can't
come because you have the capital punishment It
can only be served in Thailand you ca
n't come now if they forgive you you
get a life sentence that means
that the prison that you have already served They don't
subtract it because you have
life sentence I explain or I don't explain
Dani if you have
life sentence the prison that you have already been They don't
subtract it because it is life sentence but they
can transfer you to Spain and you have the
obligation after 8 years if the judge if you
want Thailand this is always if they
want if they want no no if it has
happened if they
want the treaty is if Thailand wants
you to finish serving the sentence in
Spain that is done to remove from there
man not the same as let's
see first the pardon is if the king
feels like it I mean if the king says
Yes okay I forgive you And I remove the chain
of the death penalty and you  he falls into life imprisonment and
coming to you is if Thailand feels like it if
you
come Hey the
king Because the other day now with all this
gossip about the royal house and all that
came to me in a video The king of Thailand
attends events with the rest of the
royalty for example with the kings of
Spain is that I saw them I saw them the other day
sitting together we go in a in a in a
same So it's got a good vibe
No, I don't tell you one thing for
Thais the king is
God but the judge is a demigod I mean
for them he says it for us
eh the judges are like demigods and the
king is God so understand look at the
respect they have for these people no I
thought that the agreement he had
with Spain was if he takes Spain to
serve his sentence there with two
conditions one that the first third be
served there and two that the rest be
served in full it wouldn't be reduced and of course
being a life sentence Thailand now If
instead of falling into life imprisonment you will fall
eh For example instead of falling into
capital  If you get a life sentence, then
the sentence is reduced if the king pardons you to 50 years, or in other words,
it's different if the king pardons you to 50
years, but of course that
conflict with Europe still exists, what was it? If they
send you to Spain, if they grant you permission to go to
Spain, in Spain you can't, you can't, you can't
stay for more than 25 years, you wouldn't get out
free, we all know that, but
Thailand has to want to. We go back to the same thing,
these are agreements. But as
long as the country that is going to imprison you
wants to do it, it's not
mandatory, so that's why you have to get along
with the
Thai authorities because it depends
on them. Whether you come or not, that's why I
always say, I've said it
many times, and the people are the best, there are
many defenders of Daniel, there are
many people who defend Daniel to the
death, Daniel, I don't know what, and stupidly they
are doing more harm to him than the people
who don't care because, for example, I
don't insult the
Thai authorities, but the people who defend
Daniel insult the
Thai authorities and don't realize that it
depends on them.  Thai authorities
In other words, you're insulting the people
who are going to make it possible for that person
that you want to come to Spain to
come or not come, so well, I
think that we don't have to be too much. You
understand what I'm saying. No,
yes, yes, the truth is that you're not in a bad way,
eh, the truth is that they're very bad. They won't
take Daniel Sancho's statement into account.
Your word doesn't mean anything, they're
only going to consider and see the
evidence and since you've already proven it, then
they'll make a decision, like doing
tetis. No more or less like tetis, as you can see.
If that fits with another, with another, okay,
perfect, I have that, so so so tanan, and
the word's over, like secondary,
then he says, he didn't say that, no, he didn't say that, that
the defense, forget it, forget it
because whatever they say, it's not like they're
not going to listen to the
explanation that he gives, but what they're going to
consider is that he's the one who
made it, the video that came out, I don't know what, that he
forgets that it doesn't mean anything
to them. Well, a little, see, this came
from something that he told me that I  I
was honestly amazed because she
told me that reconstruction in
Thailand is not done because of the fact like
here in Spain, in fact apparently they are
now going to remove reconstructions
the law is going to put it in place so that
reconstructions do not have to be done in
Thailand she was telling me the
reconstruction is done so that when
the day of the trial comes and the judge has
the accused he can compare the video and see
that it is the same person because
apparently in Thailand there are people who pretend to be
the accused in exchange for
money to serve the sentence for the
accused because the accused has paid it
So the reconstruction is done, I'm freaking out
I was telling it so I swear she
told it to me like this so that when she
gets before the judge the judge has the
video with the reconstruction and the one who
committed the crime says wow well it's the
same person come on let's move on there
are many things apart from
reconstruction damn they have the cameras
the cameras in supermarkets let's
see eh in the end it's a bit like everywhere
else no the statement of the
accused has credibility or it doesn't have it it is
analyzed it is listened to and maybe they
take it into
account also another thing that is very clear
Daniel  Sancho has given four
statements
changing things in this case in this
case in addition to a false complaint for
which he says that good r disappeared says the
game I is going to say this liar No it cannot be it Of
course in that case little
credibility we have been talking before
for example that even when the
accused incriminates himself if there is no
damning evidence many times they do not
condemn him although he is
confessing or rather there has to be evidence
So in this sense it is a
bit like here no that of course Garca
Montes is like wanting not to
annul the entire investigation okay
suddenly we annul the entire investigation we
annul everything that has been found
in the landfill everything that has been
found on the beach everything
that you balls of
course we have nothing we have nothing
but of course he also goes a lot to the subject
of the statement which is that it is Daniel that
is that he was with a translator without a
translator I don't know what as but if it is that it does not
matter it is that in the end they take it into
account Or they do not take it into account It depends on
how they come and how it fits with the
rest of the evidence Exactly in the end Ju is going to
take the report  that the police have given him
and I think that according to the cont
tuyupa is going to say everything that is besides
now he says it I don't know if he will put it to you that he says
Yes he is going to listen to all the
witnesses but to listen to him he tells you
like this eh he says they are going to arrive you say Let's see
you What do you think He tells me what the
friend of of of of danel Sancho is going to say if I is
going to declare that he was very good that he is very
good people that he is It smells it doesn't matter What does my Pablo say
What does my Pablo say Pablo says
in backlit conditions and with a
lapel microphone anyway I don't know What are you
referring to Pablo I don't understand you What was it that we have to ask
a
lawyer something before Do you remember that we said we
have to ask a lawyer something I do
n't remember what it was either I don't
remember guys maybe yes no
Remember the people around here it was something but
at the beginning but I don't remember what it
was that
this is what Fran said from the
beginning this is the death penalty that in a
year he will have to ask the king for forgiveness
so that he gives him life imprisonment and
when the  8 years old he will go to
Spain, that is, this is what I said the
same, it depends on
them, well in the best case scenario,
Fran said, best case scenario depends on
them and if they don't stop insulting and don't
stop disrespecting these
people too, I understand from everything they've
told me that they are very proud, they are very
proud I mean, in the end what
Fran said from the first day, well, look how
things are, in the end the ones who are doing the most
favors are
us, no, well, let's see, he didn't even have one
because we don't insult anyone,
much, much more to complicate things there
wasn't and much more for what it's true that of course they
are making it worse, we
disrespect him, neither the finc nor the
So in the end the ones who are doing the most neutral
are us, no, no, it's not that they are
not going to get this one out of there
in 4 years nor are they going to get him out in in in
eight, as I inflate his balls in eight, they are
not going to get him out of there in 4
years either, as they are saying, your yupa, you have it
very clear that no, no, no, what's going on, you
think that he is going to  be the death penalty
but well, well, this is it. This is going to be
the penalty. This is going to be the death penalty.
And if he behaves very well, very well, very
well, that the king in a couple of years will
forgive him, Garr gave it to him. No, yes,
but to ask for forgiveness, for him to
forgive you, you have to
ask for it by letter. I think you have to
get there after a year and I have committed it, I ask for
forgiveness because such and such, because which, because what happened,
which do you understand me or not, but seg Garr gave it to him, I do
n't know, Garr, I think it's coming in, I think
h eights and it's coming, I think yes, that
was forgiveness and now when he turns 8
years old, never so mediatic, nor I, I did not
hear anyone on TV saying
anything about the Thai authorities in
relation to Garr. And that, and that he does
not confess or collaborate, no, never, he never
says that it was prit that I did it and there were
more things, there was no torture, I think not
either. No, I do not remember part of what he
says is that they fly to the same thing,
what can you believe? It is that they are what
the accused says, it is that we return to what
same is that the accused always says the
same thing as in the crime of Marta del
Castillo the cuckoo and Samuel says that they
hit him and that they harassed him and that
loal is one thing he is not convicted for
that then no I mean it was only Yes
but let's go capital and then they reduce it
to life and now I think it's coming I think
having there forgiveness but
having there a case a few years before eh
almost very
similar it was not going to be this case different I
mean not only that what this
picturesque lawyer comes up with is going to be the
same in Thailand but all
this is making it worse that maybe and
the 8 years pass and he says this is the one from
Spain not the boy this one from Spain this one no
But he had to ask for forgiveness and I
tell you one thing and let's not think that
Daniel Sancho ends up with the trial
these people are going to continue to
international courts of foundations So
we're going to see the ass they give we'll
see later from Thailand if they start
taking it to places that are already very big how do they
take it in Thailand is that that is
the problem do you understand me or not eh That's how it is
eh the king knows about this case already clear  he's
going to know of course that he knows the king knows
about this case you know holy [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
what a mess man the cause of
death doesn't matter only the premeditation
there what aggravates the crime is the
premeditation then the cause of
death in Yes at a given moment it doesn't matter to him it doesn't matter to
him the most
important thing is it is premeditated he says No
but if I haven't seen the corpse or if I hadn't
seen in tso and he also doesn't know the
cause of death Yes in Spain it gives a lot of
importance but in Thailand no in
Thailand it doesn't matter what cause
they die But if you are already premeditated it's over there's no more to talk about it is like that it's that they are simpler it doesn't give a turn of and let's see and why did she die they think look she died in the end the
result is she died and that's it she died the same
as she died but if they know the cause
then better but if not it doesn't
matter either you could kill him and he died
the result is that there is no bull but there is a
head and if the head is there only
who is alive or rather who is alive
with his head
cut off well let's see we are  talking about
this as if explaining to us how they think in
Thailand but he's not saying anything
crazy that wasn't seen here because
here in reality Jos the cause of
death is only taken into account if there is
cruelty or something like that
no eh Begoa clarified that for me eh when I
interviewed her eh apparently here in
Spain you can have premeditation
here in Spain it is not,
premeditation is not punishable, treachery is punishable
but for example you say you go with the
intention of killing someone but
during the fight that person slips
and dies because by chance they hit themselves it
is not murder but manslaughter
because the death even though it was you
wanting to kill him You did not cause it
directly but it was because of the
blow or so here in Spain if it
could be proven that Edwin Arrieta died
because he slipped and hit his head it
would be considered manslaughter and not
murder Even if it was premeditated
here in Spain she was telling me that she
was explaining it to me shamefully
because the final cause of death was that
slip but for that
the torso would have to appear and discover that in
the torso there really is nothing that could have
caused death but that
death was triggered by the
wound that the head had when it hit the
car with the sink and of course uh that the
defense could uh convince the judge that he
died from that from that accidental hit of
course you of course you are
deciding me That the torso appears well let's see
now the head is there the head has the
hit because that I want to remember that
if it had the blow but yes but no
no no but the autopsy does not say that he died from the blow the cause of death according to the autopsy is undetermined So what is it that he wants what would be wanted here in Spain for example to say that he
died from that blow so that it was
homicide and not murder here yes but
there not that in the end
Likewise Although or rather how do you prove
that the blow is given to him because he falls
and not because Daniel grabs him and
hits him But well that is already in the
defense but what I want to tell you is that
here in Spain it would have been broken   enande
No here in Spain the cause would have started if
the defense can prove that he died from the
blow amm But not there because there the
cause of death is exactly the
same the thing is you wanted to kill him if he
died then it's clear you were going
with the intention of killing him if he died he's already
dead no What more do you want
if he's dead and you wanted to kill him there is
premeditation more or less the
logical deduction that your yupa gives us it's
not that it's that
in reality it makes sense of
course or rather like the cause of
death well just like the people who are
saying now if he used the knives from the
bungalow to dismember him the premeditation falls apart what does it
have to do with
me buying some knives and then those
knives aren't worth it and I used others it doesn't
mean that I didn't buy the
first ones with the intention of doing that
but rather that they weren't useful to me and I used the
others but I bought them with that
intention do you understand me or not understand me
It's that people grab onto many
things it's that the fact of buying some It's that
on top of that it's been me I think that
kid is  that it was believed that that
was you know like a jungle that didn't have I
no well that's what the lawyers believe
because they said that it did
n't happen in civilized countries, I mean the
lawyers they tried to civilize
the Thais too, he went to
commit the crime instead of having
committed it in Spain he went to commit it
in
Thailand and within that he committed it
in Thailand he committed it in Thailand
eh buying a knife buying a
saw paste with the backpacks or I mean it's
like that kid thought that
that was you know like
being in a desert or some jungle or
something like that I mean I don't understand
the way of acting No it's not normal for
anyone to be committing a says says
says and if the king refuses yes the king
doesn't have to refuse or anything the king does whatever he wants to the
king they
ask for clemency if the king wants to give it to him he gives it to him
and if the king doesn't want to give it to him he
doesn't give it to him that's how it works
nobody is going to tell the king what to
do or ask him for explanations
Thai lawyer will not follow
Daniel Sancho's defense line okay this I
imagine it's about the conflict of the
new lawyer who was on duty No if I
remember correctly he is in favor of
Spain's defense according to what the Spanish lawyers told us
and of course but apparently this one who
is now says that he is going to carry
out what they said in the
press conference he wants to remove the
police investigation to say that Daniel
was not premeditated I don't think he is going to step
out of line because he knows perfectly well
how far he can cross and how
far he cannot cross because
this can also affect his work in his
work that he can be giving
the defense soup with waves saying
Yes yes yes when the time comes for the
trial
eh whatever the defense thinks can happen
that for sure but I don't think they are going to
defend the line as is That I don't
think he will lower anything that is what he can
talk to the defense about that to
reassure but if three or four
lawyers reject it is for something and more
is unist like Kun Nan knows
perfectly well that that How
things would be clear let's see or rather here here for
example I think that a lawyer cites  I would
do what the client asks you, yes, this way, she already
tells you, she works for
the state. Here we are
used to the fact that many times
the lawyers of the murderers
of the rapists of I don't know what are pointed out. And it is how we
understand many times that the lawyer
is doing his job and his Maybe
at home he is [ __ ] on his client
and you know and he would prefer to be in the defense
of the other but he does his job and Hey, my
job is to defend this one and to get as
little blame as possible but of course there
in Thailand it is to do what
the mountain is asking for this would be like a
kind of
dishonor to the honor of his profession.
Let's see the public defender Who does he
work for? Ah well but [ __ ] But
then what is the use of a
public defender? So if not, if he is
telling you that the game already has clear what he is
going to
do, I am not telling you anything. She lives there,
she is from there. What do I know, no, I am
not going to do it. It is never to put much,
let's see, the people that I gave you,
I had not taken it like that, I had
taken it as the issue of dishonor,
people  what is she telling you? Oh, your yupa, I do
n't know what. Sorry, she's from there, she
lives there. She's studying law there, she has almost all the families of the police, I mean, you haven't l To Lisbon. I mean, let's see if you understand what I'm trying to tell you. You're telling me a story. Yes, she's telling me, at least I don't have it to doubt it.
The person who gives it there is telling me and
is telling you things very clearly.
The lawyer is telling you when
the time comes, I'm not saying that she's not
telling him. Well, let's try this way and that
way, but when the time comes and he has to
decide what red line to cross, he
tells you very clearly. He knows what line he
can't cross. And furthermore, in this same
interview, later on, the lawyer will tell you.
Who does he work for in the
state? No, I'm telling you what
she's saying. Yes,
she already starts the interview and she
's telling you that people there have
respect and fear of the authorities. Well,
here you have respect and fear. Don't you
realize that even the private lawyer didn't
want to cross those lines. It's that
no lawyer. Of course, it's not just
that you work for the State, but they
see it as an. I mean, whatever you want.
garc sombra is that he doesn't work anymore in your
life of course they don't work anymore or rather
because he wants to go against
the police against your
country in the country what he is
understanding yes it is very clear but it is that
he is the mount this he I don't know the
truth is that this man but but
man why do you think that he is still
stubborn in this move to put on
some kind of medal he will say Well look
one of my last cases I am going to
take and I am going to do something historic here
no
because it is taking the
whole family One more ruin than they
have besides youryupa
belongs or rather is within the
association of lawyers there in
Thailand also no no Of course but that they
know it well or rather we only have to
see
that no private lawyer wanted to
take him For some reason no Of course because
they were stubborn that it had to
be with the strategy of the
Spanish lawyer as if it is completely an
H a professional suicide for a
lawyer from there I mean I am here
acting only as an intermediary because
they cannot work here So
I am only the one who puts the
name and the one who puts the papers but I am
not  I do my job, I say what this guy who's
not even from here tells me to, I
know that here in Spain a
public defender works for the state, a
public defender, a lawyer who is on public defender duty
and if it's your turn, it's your turn,
but there in Thailand the public defender
who is going to be paid by the state I can
assure you that what Tua said was that
who will pay the state It's that she
tells you very clearly that everyone can
understand what they want that we can
bring the laws of
Thailand to Spain if you want come on let's bring us
to Spain and we're going to talk but that's what it is there
she's telling you
very clearly and now you can believe
whatever you want to believe she's
telling you very clearly look here this is happening and
now you come and tell me all the
movies you want to tell me and
all the cowboy stories you
want to tell me and all the
Human Rights that you want to tell me but
here what has is
this you asked her yes yes will it be
public yes and what and also there's the
interview all the insane people
go to the Channel that has the whole thing lasting
two hours  and peak eh he's commenting on the
headlines but you have to watch the whole thing
Yes or yes eh and there are many things well he
tells me that journalists can enter, they will be
able to enter, they cannot enter with a
camera, surely it will not be possible, it will not be
recorded, he says that it is very strange that they
allow a trial to be recorded and that what they cannot do is
take notes. I mean, they cannot even
enter with a notebook, they can enter,
see it and then when they load, give their
Chronicle but they cannot even bring notebooks
and they always have to ask permission
many days before etcetera it
can cause bad information
because that is going to be clear because
if you have to be memorizing and
maybe it's a few hours and now you
go out and [ __ ] what he told me, I don't know
if maybe they will let you with the cell phone
Maybe you take notes or record, I don't
know, I'll tell you what he told me s pu
would be the only way for this
case, well, you know, you will have noticed it
too, no, it has not become so
viral, whatever comes out like the
first two months was not crazy
but the trial is going to be  very viral eh the
trial is going to be very viral because there are going to be
people there they are trying I think
so I think that people are going to be interviewed
I think that for that I believe for it to
be as viral again as August and
September it would be if it were a
public trial I mean if we are seeing
images like what Johnny dep did okay we are
seeing the episode every day
as if it were a series
then it would be super viral but
like that there are some times that are conscious
but she believes that in this one no that
This they are going to let how about we are going to see maybe they
hit us with the jackpot and let it be
recorded But I doubt it according to what she tells me it
is very r that it goes and with the anger they
have just that they were
there by the door and all that stuff they are going to
start letting that be
broadcast it will be no I hope so eh
I hope so but
eh it is going to be it is going to be that
no witness of of of DEA What is it like
witness of of of has made a mistake The
kid and witness of Daniel Sancho who
says
yes This is the star witness that they
say there was that said  that the
same thing had happened to Daniel Sancho
20 years ago and I ask tuyupa can he
have that during the trial because they are
going to take him and this is what
tuyupa says about that protected witness
who said that Edwin had sexually assaulted him
in the year 2000 2004 I don't
remember exactly it's been 20 years that
could have some weight or that really
what happened in the life of this man
20 years ago the judge is not going to take it into
account what do you think is more or
less what the law of Thailand says where did it
happen in Thailand So the
Witnesses go from there what has the most weight you
can come and spending your money better
that you go recommend me I recommend
that you go on vacation to Finland it is a
beautiful country testimonies are the most
important thing is where it happened not your
life 20 years ago in Ju you don't care
20 or 30 years ago and it is not that between the
doctor and Daniel because it happened between two
people is that there is no three what does it have to
do with what does it have to do with this
however  let them put him as a
witness, I mean they're going to laugh but they
leave him cl Of course he can go but he's
never going to say no nor are they going to point him out
or
anything a kiss Roman Look saving the
distances of course saving the
differences in a trial for insults they
gave me a sentence or rather as evidence
as part of the evidence and the
argument is worth it the other side
had a sentence from another from
another case for insults and it's like well let's
see here this is being played out, I mean you
're
telling me he's telling you what he says, I mean
the defense can spend money whatever he
wants because to spend money other
people say he spent it on a
vacation because it's going to be worth the
same thing but if they want to spend it And
then she says let's see what to listen to, you're
going to hear that you can there is that of
course you're telling me another
story that has nothing to do with
this and tell me that 20 years ago and what does that have to
do with this to tell me
that it's bad and that it's not but even if
Win Arrieta at the time had been
convicted of harassment of that other person
it's that no it has nothing  what do you see
the previous answer telling you that
they give Exactly the same cause
of death the point is that he was going to
kill him and he died everything else doesn't
matter if it is that it doesn't matter that Win
was the devil I mean they are going to take into
account you go he has died he has died
in all parts of the world eh I
mean like the reasoning you were going to kill him
yes he has died Yes premeditation and
murder by ass what you have to understand
from the beginning is that it is not very
pragmatic we can go around in circles we
can give it all that she wants she says
bring people spend the money
she tells you you can bring whoever you want spend
all the money you want it's not what's at stake spend
on
vacation but come on it's not part
of the case I mean let's see Of course it's that
even if Ewin Arrieta had killed
that
kid it would have nothing to do with it even in
this case it is another case I mean she is
judging she is judging but well of course
and on top of so much time
difference to trial what are they looking for
if Edwin was a stalker or if Daniel
killed Edwin to see  If Edwin was an
accuser, there will have to be another trial,
just like if you said what you said before,
for example, if you grabbed and
insulted a person and then
insulted another during the trial of
that person who is playing you, you
insulted before, that will be another trial, you
will have to prove that I
insulted you, do you understand me or not? No, but
apart from that, the thing is to see, I
understand that they will have their logic to
give credibility to the fact that Ewin
tried to rape Daniel and Daniel made
a kind of
self-defense. I do not understand that the
reasoning for what matters is the
profile of, no, the profile of Edwin Arrieta is
not being judged, let's not confuse
ourselves, but that is not in Thailand, it is in the whole world, what matters is that the profile, the profile of Edwin Areta, Edwin Areta is not being judged, Danz is being judged, many people do not understand, but not only in Thailand, anywhere in the
world. I mean, you go to a trial and they
tell you that you, the victim, grabbed
20 years ago. But what are we playing at, what the
victim did 20 years ago or that this man  he
killed her No no it's not that it's not that
Edwin is not being tried let's see if we're getting
confused and we're not wrong he
's judging Daniel the profile not the
profile it's that it doesn't matter if Daniel
wants to say that Edwin was a stalker
that he should have reported him and there would have been
a trial against Elwin for
stalking But that is not the trial
Despite who it may seem this trial is a
murder trial against Daniel
Sancho not against Edwin Arrieta Edwin is
not being tried absolutely You're
welcome But you're welcome No man let's see I
understand Well I don't know in Thailand but
man I understand that things would change if it
were true self-defense no if it
were self-defense but not what
But between the two of them between them do but
no but no I'm not going to I'm not going to kill him
because because he continues to harass me and every
day he calls me and by the balls who is
with me no but self-defense that
physically that person is clearly
trying to
attack you Enso But then why
are you bringing me a witness from 20
years ago if you want to add that it was a
specific moment  there on time there you understand what I'm
saying no of course your logic in your
logic is like to give it
weight it supposes it has been too puntu punctual or it
is not punctual What I do not
understand is let's go that we are to roles
or to Z or rather It happens in a punctual way or rather
Daniel Sancho has a punctual fight
with Edwin Arrieta that I was not even
thinking could happen and he kills himself
Edwin Arrieta dies or he is not punctual
that is what we have to see because if he is
not punctual okay But if he is punctual or
rather then what are we going to that Daniel
Sancho was in a glass prison and he
had him super harassed and he had no
other way out which was what was first
said or are we going to no it was not a fight they
had fortuitously he killed him that I do not
stay Of course I swear to you
true he dies or he had him in a glass prison super harassed and he had no other way out because I am not clear about it I am clear about it but those who believe that defense do not make it clear to me they ask him in the chat if
the issue of self-defense would matter
asking that By
chance  that in this case there would be no
self-defense because he recognizes his
first statements that he buys the
devices to dismember him there is
premeditation they do not care do you
understand me or not Here they have to throw out the
premeditation and that is what they are
trying to say that Daniel Sancho did not buy
the things to finish him off when they
realized that I don't know if you
remember when we started
talking a long time ago I think
this comes up on the 5th and
we started already with the live shows
of the se or the seven I was telling you
the defense is making a mistake the defense
in Thailand does not exist yes it is
premeditation and they have to go and remove the
premeditation they were like yes with
the glass prison that yes with the I don't know
what when they realized that that was not what they
have to remove the
premeditation is when they jumped with the thing about the
YouTube channel he did not buy it for
a YouTube channel but at
first what they said was no no here it was
because he was in a glass prison he
was under super pressure he had no other
way out a  fight because of that
because he wanted to remove And then he
dies but no no if you don't have to
remove that if you have to remove it is you
remember that I told you I say if the
defense wants to defend Sancho and you
can look at it in the first live shows
that we did what has to eliminate is
the premeditation And from the 16th is
when they realize I don't know how
but they realized and they said [ __ ]
no we have to remove the
premeditation because he bought the knives
for the YouTube channel you understand what I'm
saying or not there we go
this It's giving us a lot of
content and many hours of debate But
this is what was talked about at the beginning
what Fran talked about at the beginning of
This is going to be a death penalty that I do
I allegedly do believe it Juan I
tell you how sorry I am that you don't believe it
Juan Alcaraz says nobody in their
right mind believes that there is
premeditation there is a family that sees
Daniel Sancho on the plane when he was going
to Thailand and he himself tells him this is the
last time I'm going to Thailand because
when I finish here I'm going to set up my
restaurant all that  He's telling it on
the plane when he's going to Thailand that there are
people who believe that there was no
premeditation, well I see it very well and I
understand that there are many people who don't
believe it But I don't, that's not my
position, mine, I'm not speaking of anyone,
well, let's see V, insurmountable fear, do you
remember that thing about insurmountable fear that
kills him because of insurmountable fear, do you
remember that which was the first thing that they
said, an insurmountable fear because he
had all that, no, no Now, no, now it
's a random fight, there's no insurmountable fear anymore, he
told me that you know the
director of the prison who's a friend of yours
and such, what can he tell you about Daniel, what can he tell you
about his daughter, how he's there because he's
told you, I mean, how he's
handling the prison issue, I mean, how
his adaptation is very similar to the others, no,
no, when he wants to adapt, I know that he has to
adapt quickly and that yes, that he
practices a lot there and that he practices
more sports but he really likes
contact sports, I mean, they're
practicing with another resource that's
there and they're practicing all day  I mean, she does
n't sit there waiting for a day to
pass, I mean, they're saying that she
likes contact sports and that she practices
that and that they're with the others and everything. I
mean, she doesn't call the superintendent, she doesn't call
attention, she presented me in front of the judge
that they're a little cocky, opinion I see
that of course in front of the judge it's like there are no
bad guys, I mean that's what she thinks, I
think that the worst ones are the
counts but then inside the
prison there are all the biggest criminals,
the most dangerous, I think there she goes like she did
n't call my attention just in case, a
very passive one in prison and yet
when she goes in front of the judge, the
most arrogant, the most defiant, we could
say yes,
exactly.
Well, she should keep a low profile in
both, no. I mean, trust yourself, put yourself with the
Ju chulo who is going to decide your
future, I think that the worst one is the
juos that is in the prison who is the one who is
going to decide your future. But well, well, let's
see, the two on both occasions, in
both cases, no. I mean, Neither one nor the other,
but well. And on top of that, the prison of things are
very, according to what she tells me. She only tells the
interview, they give her some brochures.  and
the lawyer, his lawyer and also the
prison officer, the
prison director, has to teach him how to
behave later in court, that is,
Daniel Sancho has to follow some
basic rules in court on how he has to
behave, how he has to look at
the judge, how he has to address him,
how he has to speak, how he has to
do everything, and they have to
teach him that in prison because if not, they'll later
reprimand the
prison staff, as if to say, how is it possible
that a prisoner comes home from prison and doesn't
know how to behave in
court, damn it, he's telling you that, eh,
besides, I'm about to ask him to
see if I can, he's going to Thailand and I'll
say, hey, see if you can get me that
pamphlet they give to prisoners
on how to behave before the
judge, let's see if we can get it, and I'm going to
ask if I can get it, it would be brutal, eh, it
would be brutal, well, there are some guys
that they give him in their language, in English, I think they
give it to him, in which they tell you
how to behave, how to
speak to the judge, how to and
everything  They show you that so you can see that
this kid no longer has a future
J has looked for himself he has looked for himself No of course no no
but queene he already has a very
bleak future so no he doesn't have much
chance of rebuilding his life Let's see we
're talking that in 8 years
well see you still in 8 years he
has how much he was 28 29 he wasn't
Tena 30 I think he wouldn't turn 30 38 let's say he's
40 let's say he's
38 around there that's
not 8 years in a
Spanish prison eh Of course but 8 years for him to
come not for him to finish but for him to
come to the prison of Spain and now
here man I understand that here he would have to be
25 years I do
n't understand I don't know how that would be
because there is a conflict of continents
but if it were 15 imagine I think
that less than 15 there won't be J here no
cl that's going cl that's going no well I don't know how long
he will serve here but well it's the same
the eight that he's going to hit  There I tell
you that they are worth 50 from here or more
but I think that between those from there and those
from here the 25s, Franco has already told you, it
is clear, he said it in his day
Once you are judged you belong to
Thailand you are already from Thailand and that is
where the movement begins, the
movement to them because you still do not
belong to them but when they judge you
belong to
Thailand mother of
God but we are talking about that
calculating that he, well let's see, he
could be in Spain because he could
get permission after serving a
third of the sentence if it falls on him he could
be on the street with 50 sticks out there,
not here, not here he is, yes, he does come to
Spain as it is
Spain at 43, 43 to 44 years old, I know that
being on the street I imagine I think he may have
committed the crime here there is no
pressure on the contrary There are a lot of
people who want him to get out, I don't think he will
get out later than 40 or 45 but I
'm going to repeat the same thing, eight years in
Thailand are not eight years here that is
Nobody can take that away from you, eh Well, I know that's
not what eight years here are, I'll tell you
and be careful, people knowing who he
is and people knowing that he has money and
people knowing many things that are not the
same as having a low profile, being
completely anonymous, not knowing anything about you,
there everyone already knows who
Daniel Sancho is, when he gets into the house they're
going to pay a lot of money,
Francua already told you, it cost him a lot of money
and he wasn't Daniel Sancho, my goodness,
my goodness Kun Anan is now a witness
in the trial for the prosecution, he will tell
everything, he has called Anan as a witness
to
testify, do you know if he's going to be a witness? I've already
gone, he's gone as a witness, he has already
declared, I escaped, no, it's not a problem, it's
not a problem because in the end they're going to go.
I'm the same, I'm simpler, okay, in the
end they're going to go, we continued, he went and
then he declared what
Daniel declared in the first statement. No, of
course, logical because he has to leave
what he lived through. Yes, but it's like
here the defense lawyers don't testify,
I was surprised that the one who  could go
there as soon as Janan called me, he told me the
prosecutor, well, the prosecutor didn't call me, the team, the
prosecutor called me to testify, not
as the trial witness says, no, no, he doesn't say, it's
not that although I'm not involved in the
case, but as he says, I as an implicated person
told me from the beginning, from the first
minute. So I have a lot to do
with everything that started in trial, all the
police officers who were under Dana on the day of the
reconstruction of the events, that is, head
of investigation, second, everyone who
is there, like 10 people, 12 or 15,
all went, and those who took the statement at the
police station, also the one with the knife, the
girls, the interpreter,
all. Are you going to confirm what the
police say, that the first dec said this,
est, and this, not that, I can't
tell you everything that the first,
second, and third said? Yes, but I don't fully
understand, Jos, why, man, that
your lawyer, if you're saying that
you testified under compulsion or that you
did it without such. And your lawyer, who
was your defense lawyer at the time, comes to you and
says, no, he didn't do it with due
process guarantees because I was there, who was the
defense lawyer and declared this.
this this and this and this was transcribed
but what he said was this this and this
maybe it doesn't have more weight, it's
the lawyer who was defending you at
that time who is telling you, do you understand me or not?
But if the lawyer doesn't go but
for example, for example, the defense in the
press conference that they gave came out saying,
eh, he declared one thing and in the
testifying they put another contrary to what
he declared or he said from the first
moment about the knives. Well, he will have
arrived with Anan and said from the
first moment no because the
statements that he made with me at the
police station said this, this and this, do you
understand me or not understand where I'm
going, of course, in addition, she says she spoke
with Kunan because she is a friend of Kunan
Because in addition, Kunan is her lawyer in
some businesses that she already has in Thailand.
So, Tuyupa knows Kunan and is a
friend of Yes, but what I see is
that in the case that Kunan wasn't a
witness, it would give them the same anyway, no.
This is what the police say. But well,
but there it is, there it is, but there it is, it is
something that they are going to  that they are going to throw out, I mean it's
an argument that they are going to throw out
directly Wow man what does
surprise me is that I've already
put up all the pieces
that I had I don't know if you told me before
that there was an important one bu but his
team was there were people from
k's team because and I'm telling you why is
Juan Carlos saying that he wasn't at
any police station when Daniel was
taken to the reconstruction of the events
eh the defense says that there was no
lawyer present during the
reconstruction and tuyupa tells us that it's
false tuyupa tells us if you notice
during the reconstruction there's a girl
with a mask who is the interpreter
is it true the interpreter who is also the
same interpreter who was later in the
press conference that they gave on the 5th, on the
6th and next to her there's another girl who is not
wearing a mask that girl She is a lawyer
and she is from
kunan and tant's team and you are a photo of the
lawyer yes Put it up we have it
here inter miso so many days of
trials that they are going to do when they have it
so clear from the beginning eh but that's what it
says eh if you want to propose
witnesses you propose them and they are heard that there
is no problem in listening to them that
they are going to listen to them all it
tells you like that Or is it that you tell it to yourself like that
Clearly but it surprises me that they do not dismiss
some witnesses like this one is worthless
this one does not contribute anything because the
Witnesses for example here in Spain the
judge can accept some evidence and not others
the Witnesses are a piece of evidence he can say
this witness no no it does not concern me
this witness does not concern me and he can dismiss
Well that is what I am telling you because it was spoken H
you know all the Witnesses in the end that
are confirmed for trial
57 is there a list that tells you this this this this the
number not the number
first first I am going to pass you this one I am
going to put two photos Look at this one I will
pass it to you so you can
put it look there you have it this is the
program son soles at least this
is the reconstruction that we saw on
TV you see the girl with the mask
well the lawyer is this one according to according to what
tuyupa
from the
Ah Es team said you told us I mean don't
remember what he said there is no lawyer has
done the reconstruction without  have the
presence of your lawyer Well according to
you yupa that girl is the lawyer is the
lawyer says there is the translator girl who
is the one wearing the mask and the
other one next to her is
Daniel's lawyer but if I put
another image that we could
verify that quickly that is what tuyupa told us I ca
n't tell you more man let's
see pixelated but well cunanan is a friend
has a Well yes he is a friend of hers
we're finished I wasn't going to tell you kunan
has the law firm that was Ah that is something I will not
remember let's see if it says it here
look look at the image that I sent you
and it is still there too the girl I
see it no Of course of course who is going
murderer that does not say that tuyupa during the
interview of course no don't you remember
What was the law firm like I know who
ran it was a Spaniard the owner of the
law firm was a Spaniard and he was a
very Spaniard it was a it was the best law firm in
fact yes let's see if if I put it is that
we go to the law firm's page there
you have the lawyer to verify that it is
the
same but she doesn't want me now let's see,
I don't remember the Thai
Ah well we've talked about it you and I a thousand
times man I don't know the law firm man I
know it's from a law firm of no I've never looked at
the page it's from a law firm
of a Fernando I don't know what it could be s it was It
was a matter of Oh business of
chambers of commerce it could be no something
like that it was no but I don't remember man the
truth is that I Fernando I don't know what it was man
and I also don't know if on the page they're going to list
Everyone I mean everyone who works there
you know that the
most Fernando Oca Fernando
Oca Fernando Oca
ads I have it in the purple search engine
Fernando Oca mediator
eh Fernando Oca Ah But this is in
Thai text this to find it
let's go yes yes it yes you search but it's that it is it is
with this context
Thai context she told me she told me
Also the photo is no longer there She told me
Look if you look at the reconstruction you will
see that there is a girl with what you have
in the interview you will see that there is a
girl with a mask Well then there is
another one next to it that doesn't  she's wearing a mask and
that girl from the con team told me
she said it yourself yupa come on of course no
Surely you can search what's
going on with
this the name of the law firm is
written in Thai letters and you would have to
navigate on Google with
Thai letters and that's beyond my control
Sometimes Spanish gets away from me
imagine eh Thai
but with Thai text too but
surely you can check it on the
website [ __ ] man Well it would be the
[ __ ] it would be the pu already that taking a cl a
cli a click from these people saying it's not that he
declared without a lawyer I don't know what I don't
understand the truth I sincerely eh Maybe
there's something that that we
're missing no but I don't understand
the strategies they're carrying out
Why and Why are they committing this
suicide for Daniel I mean because
Clarin is here maybe it's that
within the desperation knowing that they are in the in the 8 years there on the death penalty in such Well within the desperation It's like when you have already lost everything And he says Well we don't have it we're not going lost to the river Clear like  he no we already have it we already have
the death penalty or rather it can't
be worse and it could be worse because of course
things are very clear I'm going to repeat the same thing
that I haven't seen the whole thing to see
because it says many things very
clear And she will know what there is in
Thailand I am Thai I was not
raised there nor do I have any contact then we
also talk about the corruption of the
corruption case in which
bok is implicated And why does that happen Why does that happen
there in Thailand because they accuse him of
corruption and he is completely free
that has not been said and he is
completely free and acquitted without any further ado
Ah you know what's more I'll tell you more is
that he has been rewarded And now I'm
going to tell you more because in the
press conference in the Spanish press conference they
insulted b j saying a corrupt one
this that that okay well I'm going to tell you
who they are insulting b j to
reward him for that they threw [ __ ]
on him he has been given the position of head of the
I mean he is the Je How was he the head of
security for the kingdom of Thailand I
mean right now he is the highest command
in charge of the security of the king of
Thailand is number one number
one no no it has nothing to do with the
issue one two of the police is not the head
of security of the kingdom of
Thailand today B jok I mean they've
messed with the one who is
directly in charge of the security of the King the
security of the king of Thailand depends
on Big jck right now because he has that
position or rather the defense Hey why hasn't it come
out and why hasn't that news come out
that was already known Def the defense of Daniel
Sancho today is messing with the one
who commands the defense in the in the in the in the
protection of the king of Tail
of the kingdom of Thailand what's more he was
talking to us about Kun hanan And he said he said to us
tuyupa but you know how rich Kun
anan is apparently Kunan's father-in-law
left him a multi-million dollar inheritance
but I did the math I think it was 30
million euros the inheritance
that they left Kun Alan says Kun Alan
says Kun Alan has money to get
bored he says but money to get
bored You think Kun an is going to
complicate his life if Kun  anan is
involved in an NGO helping children of I
don't know what, children of I don't know how much.
She talks a lot about Kun during the
interview, you can search for her if you want,
at the end of the interview. My goodness, my goodness,
well, SEP, he didn't carry out any
corruption, that he was completely clean and
to reward him, he was named head of
security in Thailand. So let it be
known from here that when they are
insulting Jan, they are insulting the
direct boss of the one in charge of the
protection of the King, he is screwed. You
have to watch the entire interview on
the trium Channel. You have it there from
last week, an exclusive interview with
tua, over there you can see what the title is.
Congratulations Jose because the truth is that
the interview is really good, it's an
exclusive and nothing very enlightening. Yes, it's
true that what I was telling you, in other
words, this is giving us a lot of
content to debate, to talk about And such.
But I think that in this case, maybe I'm
wrong, but I think the future is
written, eh, I think so. In any case,
we will try for more interviews. And tuyupa, we will
probably have a second part and let's
go.  let's try also to see if we
can get him to talk a
little with Kun Ana Yeah let's keep
trying things like that do you think you
can get
that maybe I don't
know but Kun Ana speaks Spanish no but I
have your Yupa no who speaks Thai
Ah I mean we would have to do a
translator there no Yes of course your Yupa is
with him and he calls us and we talk with Kun
Ana Hey well that would be that will be very
powerful I don't know if he will be able to reveal much
no ehes in the end what's left is
two months until the trial and But well
what and I speak during the trial No
now How long does it take for the sentence to come out
after the trial I didn't ask him man I have to
ask you don't know that I don't
know s cont I ask him if you want and you
tell me I don't know maybe it works
differently here they are directly
sentenced like in the United
States in the United States when
the trial ended de jide it is
different because it is a civil you know I don't know
if the criminal cases will be the same but there was
the day of the verdict in which everyone
there was waiting and they already
came out with the they came out with the  sentence
But hey family you have to keep an
eye on the trium channel okay go over
there to see the full interview and
Jose Congratulations brutal and thank you very much
for coming Thank you for inviting me
Well nothing I think
not to tell people that for those who don't
know me that I don't do the
interviews on the couch in my house because I had
a
broken pan and peak the pierot lock the
couch here we all know you gach know if
someone comes sees me Ah lying on the couch
that I gave listen you know what happened to me no
but it can't be noticed the other camera is there You
know what happened to me
to the couch with my broken leg well I don't
even notice you the couch want me to
do your help he has YouTube also your
help is that he goes to his channel and
subscribes of course damn YouTube has some
art
eh Let's see the couch his dog but you can't
see man is
sitting listen to me menan at well I
get home at 10 at night and they
send me from Brazil from Brazil
from Colombia the images of
Edwin's funeral that  I published uh a
little image that I was saying well
so that people can see how the
funeral was and such with the urn with the ashes
And I published that exclusively on the
channel uh Well then I
socialized the tele5 program The
next day they take my video and put it on and they
broadcast it live but with me talking
I was dude and I was freshly in
a cast lying on the couch and I say they
couldn't catch me in another video they
had to catch me lying on the couch with the cast on
the first day I got the cast I
swear man and I say I recorded I recorded a
video with that from the from where was it from the [ __ ]
What's the name of the sanctuary was
n't it a sanctuary the
church the church not from kangas
deon no but I say
I was in the sanctuary of kangas deon
this one Ah what was that called what was it
called the [ __ ] I had a rosary here I don't
remember what it's called it broke it was
the monastery it could be I don't remember
but there I recorded that also I remember that
people said wow Yuyu ha me  since
just when he was talking about it
the bells started to ring and there I was
explaining I say look you
Jose if he had wanted this he would know
before the mass I told you I
remember that I told you the ashes are going to arrive it is
already planned it has been delayed
because of a problem I told you when you
told me that you had that bomb I was there
one afternoon when I was like Bejer de
la Frontera It's that people don't
believe it But I find out about many things
that I don't tell because they tell me Hey don't
say it and I don't tell it but you
know that I've told you many things You are
too loyal you are and not just
about Edwin's case you know that I know things about
other cases and you know it and I shut my mouth and you
know that there is one out there that is brutal
and we are silent I mean I know many things
about many cases that we cannot tell
because they tell me not to tell them we are
silent with one don't remind me
because I am not good at
keeping so many secrets you don't
remember me but yes yes I mean eh we know
things  and above
all very strong that you will see that in the
end they will end up Knowing But well
we comment on them when they are
public and there are many times that I go out and I
tell you No I already knew about such a thing do you
remember
people tell me don't tell it and I don't
tell it enjer Next to Pantoja's house
But also just when he
called me to tell me the est passed by
next to the singer and I say they are
saying around here that I look at WhatsApp a
lot of times that I look at WhatsApp
that's what people are saying Look at WhatsApp
Look at WhatsApp I don't know I don't know I
say why are they
putting it here I sent you
Ah there is a p missing there is a p missing in the
title interview what you put Yes
tuyupa it is that it is that Well then I will change it that I
cannot change it now
from here let's see what I am
telling you if how am I going to understand myself in the
Thai text and too much that I have to
understand myself with Spanish no it does not
let me now change it I change it Now
when I close
but that Look at you that another for
example goes running to get the news out
and you kept quiet about that that would not have
happened either because  I said it but it
was still exclusive to you I was afraid they would
take it away from you eh but it was still
exclusive to you we put it on the couch
with the cast there everything I [ __ ] the dead
pissed myself
what did surprise me on the part of
those elite who respected you and put it
was
why did they put me if they had
put it but what did they put me
talking about throwing it on the couch I mean but it's that
they put me throwing it on the couch
dead and in a press outlet they also brought
you out afterwards Well afterwards
also because of the issue of well they released
some clips of a press conference on Son
Solole when they talked about Sheira Barrero they
released some clips of my interview and in
four days it was or in code 10 that they
were also going to talk about Cristina Bergua they
also took part of my my from my
documentary take a lot of it aside I don't
remember anymore take it in
pieces but they asked me for permission because for
example they called me for the subject of
Sheila Barrero a
reporter from Son Soles called me that
I know about the crime of  pioz and he asked me
if I could use it and I said look
Beatriz the documentary is mine but
in order for you to publish something that I've
done with the family I have to
ask the family's permission if they
authorize me you can use it if not no
then I went and spoke to
She la Barrera's sister she told me the documentary you have
made you can write what you want uncle it's
yours it's not mine but it's your family and
then they said yes yes no no
problem Well then I said
Well if you can take a piece go Well then
Jose we're going to leave it here they
're asking me if I'm going to the
salsera I'm not going to go to the salsera But
because there's nothing so strong and I have to
go get milk for the baby so that
when he wakes up he has his Bibi because
because we've run out of milk and I have to
go now to make a living so
now I'll go on Sunday at 2:30 at
night she's looked for some milk for the baby
uncle has my wife noticed has
my wife noticed I don't know if she
noticed now or what  or that he has
finished it now and had not realized
that it was not normal milk or tampo milk
yet as a child. No man at this
time at this time if it were powdered fma
on duty powder we will see if they
do to me now going out to the street at
this time that I am older a 247 of that that
there is no eh semi-skimmed he
told me to buy it at the gas station
itself Ah the gas station milk damn what t
at the gas station milk there is no
tobacco buy tobacco buy tobacco
listen to me I'm going to buy him a ba No
man not in the 24 hours I go to the
neighborhood and and I go to the 24 hours
there there in Seville in the capital Yes there is
here in the town I have to go crazy I don't
have ces to buy milk No what
happens is that I get a dairy here I
get the dairy that gives me the cow What
happens is that I'm going to have until
until I put gas in the car that I
have stiff and I have it there
Ah no I'm not going to put gas in and now I'm
going to have to put  gasoline to
go get milk but oh well so that he gets
up and has his milk just in case if
not it makes him feel very bad Jos Rey for what I
said man we'll see you next time eh
Thank you very much for coming If there's anyone
here who has fallen by chance and doesn't
know Tri unar yet, stop by his
channel because you're going to freak out and
watch the whole interview because there are
many more things than what we've
discussed here we're talking about that we've
commented here 5 minutes five Pieces of
one minute each two hours So
imagine a huge kiss gorgeous get some
rest see you tomorrow
morning